main:

	1. MPI init stuff (line 35)
	2. Read in CLI arguments (line 42)
	3. Print Program Info (line 58)
	4. Read Bitmap File into Image (line 76)
	5. Perform Constrast Stretching (line 100)
		1. DistributeImage (line 162)
		2. ConstrastStretch (line 219 in cs.cpp)
		3. CollectImage (line 242)
	
	6. Save Image and Print Exec Time (line 129)
	









	Distribute Image:
		1. Initialize MPI variables
		
		Master:
			2. Calculate rows per processes & number of left over rows
			3. Send params (rows per processes and cols) to each worker **not sending ghost rows**
			4. Send corresponding image chunk to each worker (skipping over Master image chunk + left over Rows)
			5. Update Rows to represent Master image chunk (rowsPerProc + leftOverRows) instead of representing rows in the entire image

		Worker:
			2. Receive params (rows per processes and cols) from Master
			3. Update global row and col variables
			4. Allocate worker image chunk (including 2 ghost rows)	
			5. Receive worker image chunk from Master (skipping the first row to account for the top ghost row)

		6. Return image (either Master or Worker chunk)




	
	

	





	Contrast Stretch:
		1. Initialize MPI variables (including myRank and numProcs)
		2. Copy the image pointer into original_image
		3. Allocate image2 chunk (including 2 ghost rows)
		4. Substract 1 from rows for boundary image chunks (Master and last worker have 1 less ghost row)
		5. Perform contrast stretching one step at a time (while loop):
			1. All processes except the last send their bottom row (ghost row) to the next process
			2. All processes except the first (Master) Receive ghost row from previous process and store into top row
			3. All processes except the first (Master) send their top row (ghost row) to the previous process
			4. All processes except the last Receive ghost row from next process and store into bottom row
			5. For each row in our chunk, perform stretch_one_pixel on each pixel
			6. Call copy_boundary to put boundary rows into temp image
			7. Flip image pointers and increment step

		6. Make sure results are in original image matrix:
			if. Image pointer != original_image pointer:
				1. Copy image contents into original_image
				2. Delete image (which points to image2)
			else. 
				1. Delete image2 (no need to copy since results are in correct location in memory)

		7. return original_image pointer 
	








	CollectImage:
		1. Declare MPI variables
	
		Worker:
			2. Send image chunk to Master (remember to skip first ghost row)
			3. Free worker image chunk and set image to NULL

		Master:
			2. Receive image chunk from workers (skipping over Master image chunk + left over Rows)
			3. Return image
			
























































